README.md, before:

## StreamSnapper

StreamSnapper is an intuitive library designed to simplify, enhance, and organize media downloads from a variety of audiovisual platforms. It offers efficient, high-speed media extraction with optional tools for extracting data from these platforms.

![PyPI - Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - Status](https://img.shields.io/pypi/status/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - Format](https://img.shields.io/pypi/format/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)

#### Installation (from PyPI)

```bash
pip install -U streamsnapper  # It does not have any features by default, but it can be extended with optional features
pip install -U streamsnapper[downloader]  # It has the feature of downloading online content with support for multiple simultaneous connections
pip install -U streamsnapper[merger]  # It has the feature of merging video files with audio files using FFmpeg (currently it does not need any dependencies)
pip install -U streamsnapper[youtube]  # It has advanced features to extract data from YouTube, with support for several other features
pip install -U streamsnapper[all]  # It has all features available at once
```

### Example Usage

#### `streamsnapper[downloader]`

```python
from streamsnapper import Downloader, DownloadError, StreamBaseError

# Optional imports
from pathlib import Path


# A class for downloading direct download URLs.
downloader = Downloader(
    # Initialize the Downloader class with the required settings for downloading a file.
    max_connections='auto',  # The maximum number of connections (threads) to use for downloading the file. (default: 'auto')
    overwrite=True,  # Overwrite the file if it already exists. Otherwise, a "_1", "_2", etc. suffix will be added. (default: True)
    show_progress_bar=True,  # Show or hide the download progress bar. (default: True)
    timeout=14400  # Timeout in seconds for the download process. Or None for no timeout. (default: 14400)
)

# Download the file from the provided URL to the output file path.
downloader.download(
    url='YOUR_DOWNLOAD_URL',  # The download URL to download the file from. (required)
    output_file_path=Path.cwd()  # The path to save the downloaded file to. If the path is a directory, the file name will be generated from the server response. If the path is a file, the file will be saved with the provided name. If not provided, the file will be saved to the current working directory (from pathlib.Path.cwd()). (default: Path.cwd())
)

# Available attributes
downloader.output_file_path  # The path of the downloaded file (default: None) (str)

# All functions are documented and have detailed typings, use your development IDE to learn more.

```

#### `streamsnapper[merger]`

```python
from streamsnapper import Merger, MergeError, StreamBaseError


# A class for merging multiple audio and video streams into a single file.
merger = Merger(
    # Initialize the Merger class with the required settings for merging audio and video streams.
    logging=True  # Enable or disable the FFmpeg logging.
)

# Merge the audio and video streams into a single file.
merger.merge(
    video_file_path='YOUR_INPUT_VIDEO_FILE_PATH',  # The path to the video file to merge. (required)
    audio_file_path='YOUR_INPUT_AUDIO_FILE_PATH',  # The path to the audio file to merge. (required)
    output_file_path='YOUR_OUTPUT_MERGED_FILE_PATH',  # The path to save the merged file to. (required)
    ffmpeg_file_path='local'  # The path to the ffmpeg executable. If 'local', the ffmpeg executable will be searched in the PATH environment variable. (default: 'local')
)

# All functions are documented and have detailed typings, use your development IDE to learn more.

```

#### `streamsnapper[youtube]`

```python
from streamsnapper import (
    YouTube, YouTubeExtractor, EmptyDataError, InvalidDataError, ScrapingError, DownloadError, MergeError, StreamBaseError
)


# ... (YouTube class documentation will be added soon)

# ---

# A class for extracting data from YouTube URLs and searching for YouTube videos.
youtube_extractor = YouTubeExtractor(
    # Initialize the Extractor class with some regular expressions for analyzing YouTube URLs.
)

# Identify the platform of a URL (YouTube or YouTube Music).
youtube_extractor.identify_platform(
    url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_URL'  # The URL to identify the platform from. (required)
)  # --> Return the identified platform. If the platform is not recognized, return None.

# Extract the YouTube video ID from a URL.
youtube_extractor.extract_video_id(
    url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_URL'  # The URL to extract the video ID from. (required)
)  # --> Return the extracted video ID. If no video ID is found, return None.

# Extract the YouTube playlist ID from a URL.
youtube_extractor.extract_playlist_id(
    url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_URL',  # The URL to extract the playlist ID from. (required)
    include_private=False  # Whether to include private playlists, like the mixes YouTube makes for you. (default: False)
)  # --> Return the extracted playlist ID. If no playlist ID is found or the playlist is private, return None.

# Search for YouTube videos, channels, playlists or movies (provided by scrapetube library).
youtube_extractor.search(
    query='YOUR_SEARCH_QUERY',  # The search query to search for. (required)
    sort_by='relevance',  # The sorting method to use for the search results. (default: 'relevance')
    results_type='video',  # The type of results to search for. (default: 'video')
    limit=1  # The maximum number of video URLs to return. (default: 1)
)  # --> Return a list of video URLs from the search results. If no videos are found, return None.

# Get the video URLs from a YouTube playlist (provided by scrapetube library).
youtube_extractor.get_playlist_videos(
    url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_PLAYLIST_URL',  # The URL of the YouTube playlist. (required)
    limit=None  # The maximum number of video URLs to return. If None, return all video URLs. (default: None)
)  # --> Return a list of video URLs from the playlist. If no videos are found or the playlist is private, return None.

# Get the video URLs from a YouTube channel (provided by scrapetube library).
youtube_extractor.get_channel_videos(
    channel_id='YOUR_YOUTUBE_CHANNEL_ID' or None,  # The ID of the YouTube channel. (default: None) ----------------------╲
    channel_url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_CHANNEL_URL' or None,  # The URL of the YouTube channel. (default: None) --------------------〉 You can only put one argument from these three.
    channel_username='YOUR_YOUTUBE_CHANNEL_USERNAME' or None,  # The username of the YouTube channel. (default: None) ----╱
    sort_by='newest',  # The sorting method to use for the channel videos. (default: 'newest')
    content_type='videos',  # The type of videos to get from the channel. (default: 'videos')
    limit=None  # The maximum number of video URLs to return. If None, return all video URLs. (default: None)
)  # --> Return A list of video URLs from the channel. If no videos are found or the channel is non-existent, return None.

# All functions are documented and have detailed typings, use your development IDE to learn more.

```

### Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, fork the repository and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue and describe your ideas or report bugs. **Don't forget to give the project a star if you like it!**

1. Fork the project;
2. Create your feature branch ・ `git checkout -b feature/{feature_name}`;
3. Commit your changes ・ `git commit -m "{commit_message}"`;
4. Push to the branch ・ `git push origin feature/{feature_name}`;
5. Open a pull request, describing the changes you made and wait for a review.

### Disclaimer

Please note that downloading copyrighted content from some media services may be illegal in your country. This tool is designed for educational purposes only. Use at your own risk.

Commit message:

Enchanced URL info extractor and added custom headers argument

README.md, after:

## StreamSnapper

StreamSnapper is an intuitive library designed to simplify, enhance, and organize media downloads from a variety of audiovisual platforms. It offers efficient, high-speed media extraction with optional tools for extracting data from these platforms.

![PyPI - Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - Status](https://img.shields.io/pypi/status/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - Format](https://img.shields.io/pypi/format/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)
![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/streamsnapper?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=blue&color=blue)

#### Installation (from PyPI)

```bash
pip install -U streamsnapper  # It does not have any features by default, but it can be extended with optional features
pip install -U streamsnapper[downloader]  # It has the feature of downloading online content with support for multiple simultaneous connections
pip install -U streamsnapper[merger]  # It has the feature of merging video files with audio files using FFmpeg (currently it does not need any dependencies)
pip install -U streamsnapper[youtube]  # It has advanced features to extract data from YouTube, with support for several other features
pip install -U streamsnapper[all]  # It has all features available at once
```

### Example Usage

#### `streamsnapper[downloader]`

```python
from streamsnapper import Downloader, DownloadError, StreamBaseError

# Optional imports
from pathlib import Path


# A class for downloading direct download URLs.
downloader = Downloader(
    # Initialize the Downloader class with the required settings for downloading a file.
    max_connections='auto',  # The maximum number of connections (threads) to use for downloading the file. (default: 'auto')
    overwrite=True,  # Overwrite the file if it already exists. Otherwise, a "_1", "_2", etc. suffix will be added. (default: True)
    show_progress_bar=True,  # Show or hide the download progress bar. (default: True)
    headers=None,  # Custom headers to include in the request. If None, default headers will be used. (default: None)
    timeout=None  # Timeout in seconds for the download process. Or None for no timeout. (default: None)
)

# Download the file from the provided URL to the output file path.
downloader.download(
    url='YOUR_DOWNLOAD_URL',  # The download URL to download the file from. (required)
    output_file_path=Path.cwd()  # The path to save the downloaded file to. If the path is a directory, the file name will be generated from the server response. If the path is a file, the file will be saved with the provided name. If not provided, the file will be saved to the current working directory (from pathlib.Path.cwd()). (default: Path.cwd())
)

# Available attributes
downloader.output_file_path  # The path of the downloaded file (default: None) (str)

# All functions are documented and have detailed typings, use your development IDE to learn more.

```

#### `streamsnapper[merger]`

```python
from streamsnapper import Merger, MergeError, StreamBaseError


# A class for merging multiple audio and video streams into a single file.
merger = Merger(
    # Initialize the Merger class with the required settings for merging audio and video streams.
    logging=True  # Enable or disable the FFmpeg logging.
)

# Merge the audio and video streams into a single file.
merger.merge(
    video_file_path='YOUR_INPUT_VIDEO_FILE_PATH',  # The path to the video file to merge. (required)
    audio_file_path='YOUR_INPUT_AUDIO_FILE_PATH',  # The path to the audio file to merge. (required)
    output_file_path='YOUR_OUTPUT_MERGED_FILE_PATH',  # The path to save the merged file to. (required)
    ffmpeg_file_path='local'  # The path to the ffmpeg executable. If 'local', the ffmpeg executable will be searched in the PATH environment variable. (default: 'local')
)

# All functions are documented and have detailed typings, use your development IDE to learn more.

```

#### `streamsnapper[youtube]`

```python
from streamsnapper import (
    YouTube, YouTubeExtractor, EmptyDataError, InvalidDataError, ScrapingError, DownloadError, MergeError, StreamBaseError
)


# ... (YouTube class documentation will be added soon)

# ---

# A class for extracting data from YouTube URLs and searching for YouTube videos.
youtube_extractor = YouTubeExtractor(
    # Initialize the Extractor class with some regular expressions for analyzing YouTube URLs.
)

# Identify the platform of a URL (YouTube or YouTube Music).
youtube_extractor.identify_platform(
    url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_URL'  # The URL to identify the platform from. (required)
)  # --> Return the identified platform. If the platform is not recognized, return None.

# Extract the YouTube video ID from a URL.
youtube_extractor.extract_video_id(
    url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_URL'  # The URL to extract the video ID from. (required)
)  # --> Return the extracted video ID. If no video ID is found, return None.

# Extract the YouTube playlist ID from a URL.
youtube_extractor.extract_playlist_id(
    url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_URL',  # The URL to extract the playlist ID from. (required)
    include_private=False  # Whether to include private playlists, like the mixes YouTube makes for you. (default: False)
)  # --> Return the extracted playlist ID. If no playlist ID is found or the playlist is private, return None.

# Search for YouTube videos, channels, playlists or movies (provided by scrapetube library).
youtube_extractor.search(
    query='YOUR_SEARCH_QUERY',  # The search query to search for. (required)
    sort_by='relevance',  # The sorting method to use for the search results. (default: 'relevance')
    results_type='video',  # The type of results to search for. (default: 'video')
    limit=1  # The maximum number of video URLs to return. (default: 1)
)  # --> Return a list of video URLs from the search results. If no videos are found, return None.

# Get the video URLs from a YouTube playlist (provided by scrapetube library).
youtube_extractor.get_playlist_videos(
    url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_PLAYLIST_URL',  # The URL of the YouTube playlist. (required)
    limit=None  # The maximum number of video URLs to return. If None, return all video URLs. (default: None)
)  # --> Return a list of video URLs from the playlist. If no videos are found or the playlist is private, return None.

# Get the video URLs from a YouTube channel (provided by scrapetube library).
youtube_extractor.get_channel_videos(
    channel_id='YOUR_YOUTUBE_CHANNEL_ID' or None,  # The ID of the YouTube channel. (default: None) ----------------------╲
    channel_url='YOUR_YOUTUBE_CHANNEL_URL' or None,  # The URL of the YouTube channel. (default: None) --------------------〉 You can only put one argument from these three.
    channel_username='YOUR_YOUTUBE_CHANNEL_USERNAME' or None,  # The username of the YouTube channel. (default: None) ----╱
    sort_by='newest',  # The sorting method to use for the channel videos. (default: 'newest')
    content_type='videos',  # The type of videos to get from the channel. (default: 'videos')
    limit=None  # The maximum number of video URLs to return. If None, return all video URLs. (default: None)
)  # --> Return A list of video URLs from the channel. If no videos are found or the channel is non-existent, return None.

# All functions are documented and have detailed typings, use your development IDE to learn more.

```

### Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, fork the repository and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue and describe your ideas or report bugs. **Don't forget to give the project a star if you like it!**

1. Fork the project;
2. Create your feature branch ・ `git checkout -b feature/{feature_name}`;
3. Commit your changes ・ `git commit -m "{commit_message}"`;
4. Push to the branch ・ `git push origin feature/{feature_name}`;
5. Open a pull request, describing the changes you made and wait for a review.

### Disclaimer

Please note that downloading copyrighted content from some media services may be illegal in your country. This tool is designed for educational purposes only. Use at your own risk.
